<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?  used to mark up text on HTML for emphasis/ meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? Hyper-text mark-up language 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  a tag to let html how to format the selected text.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? most important text on the page, only 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes h1, div
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? "<"
    7. What is an id? used to point to a scpecific style delarcation 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? style
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 1
    10. What is a class? the attribute you want to add style too
    11. What elements can I add a class to? style
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 1
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a "link hfref "ulr.com> 'mywebsite'</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? what will display on the website 
    15. How do I reference an id? "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. section = chapters, headers, footers div= block elements to format w/ css 
    17. What is CSS used for? add style to a website 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{
        color: blue;}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class= multiple can be attached to an element, id= only 1 can be attached to the element 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{color:blue;}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? used to make a really speciifc change within the website 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? takes the place of a selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? text-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? "text-transform:uppercase"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? "border-stle: 1px dotted;"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? "*"
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? "//" or "*/"
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it cannot be changed 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 